Hi and welcome back before continuing with the course.
Let's learn how we can execute sequel code in this.
It's actually really simple.
The only thing you have to do is select the data that you want to run the sequel code on and then press
this button up here.
That brings up this query builder that you can see now on your screen.
And what this allows us to do is write sequel code in here and then data output will come down here
in the form of a table.
So we're going to be looking at how we can learn a sequel by using this sequel query builder.
And we're going to be writing all of our secret code in here and we're going to see the output down
here.
The secret code that we're going to be writing in here will then be directly translatable to your applications
or whatever else you want to use your equal code.
Even though we're going to be learning to use sequel in this window you can always use the same zip
code anywhere else that you would want to interact with your database.
We might do things using this window like inserting data into a database or creating tables or selecting
from tables or filtering through tables and things like that.
So we're going to be looking at exactly all those things we can do using sequel in the next few videos
.
So without incentive whenever we're typing code in sequence we're going to be typing it in this window
Now see you in the next video we're going to get started with that